Add `injection` iceberg usecase (#2)
dremio/iceland: README.md

3. Compare the performance on the use cases with the different flavors

The components are:
* `iceberg/datasets` contains scripts to retrieve ready to use data.
* `iceberg/usecases` contains samples and examples using the datasets.

> * `iceberg/benchmark` contains use cases benchmark

Reviewer: nit: this and other statements can also end with dot.

Author: Good catch, I will fix that.

The format is described here: http://data.gdeltproject.org/documentation/GDELT-Data_Format_Codebook.pdf

> ### TPCDS

Reviewer: Should we add a title GDELT?

Author: Yes, good point as we might have other usecases/datasets later.

```
./iceberg/datasets/gdelt/fetch.sh 20240114
```

The script downloads and extracts the GDELT ready to be used.

## Use cases

### Data Ingestion to Iceberg using Spark

`iceberg/usecases/injection` contains `CreateTable` class. This class creates an Iceberg table to store the GDELT events.

You first have to execute `CreateTable` to create the table used by other use cases.

You can build a uber jar using:

```

> mvn clean install

Reviewer: nit: maybe better to make it a gradle project instead.

```

> You now have the `iceberg/usecases/injection/target/injection-1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` uber jar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You now have the `iceberg/usecases/injection/target/injection-<version>-SNAPSHOT.jar` uber jar.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Should we add a driver with all the available commands? Either we can prompt all the available commands or we can define Command Options to be selected ?  thoughts ?
